What is this place?
Why did you bring me to such a remote yard?
Strict rules in the palace
Nature is looking for a side hall
Empress, wait a moment
The slaves retire first
Don't come here
Xuanping, I'll see how you turn over this time
Come on, rush in for me
Mainly take the sword to the prostitute
What are you doing on your knees?
Your Majesty, why are you here?
Why are you in this palace?
I have to report to you where I want to go
The emperor calms down
concubine
The concubine just heard that someone was here and didn't care
So I specially brought people to check it out
The concubine really doesn't know it's you here
If I hadn't found out in time
You hurt Yuan Ping
Go and bring people here
So sneaky
What are you going to do?
The emperor personally asked the little one to go to the side hall now
Just give the villain a hundred cars of silver
The villain doesn't know what's going on
I didn't expect you to be so active
To use such an Azar method
Even I have followed your path
If you succeed
This Yuan Ping still has a partnership in the palace
The emperor's concubine is pregnant
Blind
The concubine really didn't mean to harm Empress Yuan Ping
Is being pregnant your gold medal?
You can do anything.
Order to ban Anguiren from drugs Yes
My concubine thanks His Majesty for saving her life
My negligence
It's right to save you, no thanks
I didn't expect the harem to be so provocative
Report to the Emperor
An Guiren shoveled this Anhui
You deserve it.
Pass on my will, Anhui's bad behavior will disrupt the harem
From now on
into the cold palace
Immortality cannot leave